PORT-2479 Plenty of docs fixes and updates (#151)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/software-catalog/blueprint/blueprint.md

### Structure table

| Field                   | Type     | Description                                                                                                                                       | Optional Values                                                                                                                               |
| ----------------------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `identifier`            | `String` | Unique identifier.<br /> Note that while the identifier is unique, it [can be changed](./tutorial.md/#update-blueprint-identifier) after creation |
> | `title`                 | `String` | The Blueprint's name                                                                                                                              |
> | `description`           | `String` | Description for the Blueprint.<br /> This value is visible to users when hovering on the info icon in the UI.                                     |
> | `icon`                  | `String` | Icon for the Blueprint's graph node, and Entities of the Blueprint                                                                                | Icon options: `Airflow, Ansible, Argo, Aws, Azure, Blueprint, Bucket, Cloud,...` <br /><br />See the full icon list [below](#full-icon-list). |
> | `calculationProperties` | `Object` | Contains the properties that are defined using [calculation templates](./calculation-properties)                                                  | Example: "`repo-link`": "`https://github.com/{{$identifier}}`"                                                                                |
> | `schema`                | `Object` | Object containing two more nested fields, including `properties` and `required`                                                                   | See the schema structure [here](#blueprint-schema).                                                                                           |
> | `changelogDestination`  | `Object` | Defines the destination where events that happen within the Blueprint's context will be delivered                                                 | See the object structure [here](#changelog-destination).                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `identifier`            | `String` | Unique identifier.<br /> Note that while the identifier is unique, it [can be changed](./tutorial.md/#update-blueprint-identifier) after creation |
| `title`                 | `String` | Blueprint's name.                                                                                                                             |
| `description`           | `String` | Description for the Blueprint.<br /> The value is visible to users when hovering over the info icon in the UI.                                     |
| `icon`                  | `String` | Icon for the Blueprint's graph node and Entities of the Blueprint.                                                                                | Icon options: `Airflow, Ansible, Argo, Aws, Azure, Blueprint, Bucket, Cloud,...` <br /><br />See the full icon list [below](#full-icon-list). |
| `calculationProperties` | `Object` | Contains the properties defined using [calculation templates](./calculation-properties).                                                  | Example: "`repo-link`": "`https://github.com/{{$identifier}}`"                                                                                |
| `schema`                | `Object` | An object containing two more nested fields, including `properties` and `required`.                                                                   | See the schema structure [here](#blueprint-schema).                                                                                           |
| `changelogDestination`  | `Object` | Defines the destination where events that happen within the Blueprint's context will be delivered                                                 | See the object structure [here](#changelog-destination).                                                                                      |
```

> | `changelogDestination`  | `Object` | Defines the destination where events that happen within the Blueprint's context will be delivered                                                 | See the object structure [here](#changelog-destination).                                                                                      |

Reviewer: The last row of the table isn't clear at all
